Deprecated and no longer maintained!
===========

URL Shortener
===========

Simple URL Shortener for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. Supports cli.gs, redir.ec, bit.ly, j.mp, is.gd and goo.gl.


Usage with Blocks
-----

Just drag and drop both UrlShortener files into your own XCode Project and import it into the file in which you want to use it.

Init a new instance of the UrlShortener and call shortenUrl: with your long url and 2 blocks to handle completion and errors:

    - (void)shortenUrl:(NSString *)longUrl withService:(UrlShortenerService)service completion:(CompletionBlock)completionBlock error:(ErrorBlock)errorBlock;
    
That's it.


Usage with Delegate
-----

Just drag and drop both UrlShortener files into your own XCode Project and import it into the file in which you want to use it.

Add the UrlShortenerDelegate to the header-file and implement the corresponding methods:

	- (void)urlShortenerSucceededWithShortUrl:(NSString *)shortUrl {}
	- (void)urlShortenerFailedWithError:(NSError *)error {}
	
in your .m file.

After that init a new instance of the UrlShortener and call shortenUrl: with your long url:

	UrlShortener *_shortener = [[UrlShortener alloc] initWithDelegate:self];
    [_shortener shortenUrl:@"YOUR_LONG_URL_HERE" withService:UrlShortenerServiceIsgd];

Now, just wait for the response.


Dependencies
------------

No dependencies !


Contact
-------

You can find me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/the_audience


Licence
-------

MIT Licence

Copyright (c) 2011 Jochen Herrmann

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

